I welcome everyone my name is bench
This video is in the first
training video in our group
here I want to talk about the Jordan
stone as his letters and find on
auction how to choose
bathed you can wear it tortured let
only you were the name should choose
a must is the bonus damage on
put our opponents here
the maximum value is to drown.
click search
now we erase that name here we
climb up choose your armor for more
just click search and now available to us
wider list
skill among which we can choose
what we need to propose to start with
classics with barbarian
go down and choose the maximum
the stock i will be here max
value
click search and now we are left
choose the skill that we will
to use
I personally use the money there but also
more advice for you
here we see the maximum sites on
which board
1 step rage costs
as far as the top score is from
five to six percent goes to damage from
other 67
each of which in my opinion
only visually priceless port is different
he of course
slightly slowed down opponents
Accordingly, each on the course he stands on
order is more expensive as for personally here
we see the maximum burns in which from
2 to 7 percent of legends and joy and
strike critical
hang out here I advise
focus exclusively on the cold
make everything clear we come to the lowest
class
gabbana
degree feet of the spirit which can be
here are up to 200 cdi averages 1 and 9
we can also choose which line I personally
I can use the roof of my wounds
try the way hundreds of fists either
cold thunder each of these is not for me
congratulates you 5 is 11 percent damage
put here averages 11
click search
here we see only want and anans
stone as for poetry here personally
I advise to focus on lightning so
how mant is basically you exactly lightning
if you use half a kilo of course
in principle, everything is clear here too
move on to the next class
this is a demon hunter
grand here is the maximum margin
concentrations which may be from 9 to
10 units put here ten
we can be my
as for the demon hunter who is me
like 4 I have the same trap post
goal roll each of these two skills
adds here such we have super
traffic light still has explosive boom
which is from 1 to 5 units and huddle
the cost of it and of course speed
shooting which is 2 to 7 percent
add probability of drawing
critical strike but as we see here
there is only a spiked trap of that
Called unfortunately sleep here is limited
so you are at auction
it's powerful and finding close here everything
clear as for the other two
classes of magician and sorcerer
here as far as I can judge here as
would not be popular and special
sought after and addons stone since these two
class for exact on speed so i
here I will not advise you though
and a given to me on these characters
too
I told you everything, I hope you
I do not hope so
I am sure that this video helped someone
use on health
our all our group VKontakte thanks
all big for the ears
see you in the next series